AdventurerFactory/Cards.md, before:

| Notes | Name | Type | Cost | Requirements | Slots | Text |
|---|--- |---|--- |---|---|---|
4 Classes |Knight | Class | 0 | | C1 C2 C3 | * : You may play C-Knight cards. <br /> * : Increase your Knight Level by 1. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded
-- |Assassin | Class | 0 || C1 C2 C3 | * : You may play C-Assassin cards. <br /> * : Increase your Assassin Level by 1. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded
-- |Sorcerer | Class | 0 || C1 C2 C3 | * : You may play C-Sorcerer cards. <br /> * : Increase your Sorcerer Level by 1. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded
-- |Bard | Class | 0 || C1 C2 C3 | * : You may play C-Bard cards. <br /> * : Increase your Bard Level by 1. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded <br /> * +2 Cha
4 Races |Dwarf | Race | 0 | |R1 | * : You may play R-Dwarf Cards. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded <br /> * +1 Def
-- |Ork | Race | 0 | |R1 | * : You may play R-Ork Cards. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded <br /> * +1 Atk
-- |Undead | Race | 0 | |R1  | * : You may play R-Undead Cards. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded <br /> * +5 HP
-- |Beast | Race | 0 || R1 | * : You may play R-Beast Cards. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded <br /> * +8 WP
Knight Cards (10) |Sword | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | C-Knight-1 | LeftHand RightHand | * You may use a Violence Die of 1d8
-- |Pike | Equipment (Weapon ) | 0 | C-Knight-1 | LeftHand RightHand | * You may use a Violence Die of 2d8
-- |Dual Wielding | Feature | 0 | C-Knight-1 | -- | **Encounter**; You have two Weapons in play; 1XP: Perform two Simple Attacks
-- |---|--- |---|C-Knight-2 |---|---|---|
--|---|--- |---|C-Knight-2|---|---|---|
--| Quick Thrust | Feature |---| C-Knight-2 |---|Once per turn; You have a Knight Weapon in play: Make a simple attack but with a Violence die of 1d4.
--| Full Plate | Equipment (Armour) | 0 |C-Knight-3 | Body | * + 5 Def <br /> * + 10WP
--|---|--- |---|C-Knight-3 |---|---|---|
-- |Glowing Sword | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | C-Knight-4 | LeftHand RightHand | * You may use a Violence Die of 1d12
Assassin Cards (10) | Poison Dagger | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | C-Assassin-1 | LeftHand RightHand | **Encounter**: Make a simple attack.  If you  Roll a 1 or 2 on a Simple Attack, Add 1d4 to the damage.
-- |Hide | Feature | 0 |  C-Assassin-1 | Body | * **Encounter**; Discard a card of yours in play: Your opponent skips their next Encounter step.  This counts as skipping your own Encounter step. <br /> * Discard This; 2WP: Your opponent skips their next Encounter step or ends their Encounter step before you take damage. |
--|---|--- |---|C-Assassin-1 |---|---
--|---|--- |---|C-Assassin-1 |---|---
-- | Assassinate | Feature | 0 | C-Assassin-2 | | **Encounter**; You skipped your last Encounter step: Perform up to 1 Simple Parley and 2 Simple Attacks.
--| Grovel! | Feature | 0 |C-Assassin-2 |---| +2 Char; You may use 1d8 as your Diplomacy Die
--| Reconnoiter | Feature | 0 |C-Assassin-2 |---| Skip your next encounter step: Look at 2 random cards in your opponents hand.
--|---|--- |---|C-Assassin-3 |---|---
--|---|--- |---|C-Assassin-3 |---|---
--|---|--- |---|C-Assassin-4 |---|---
Bard Cards | Lute | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | C-Bard-1 | Back | * <br /> * You may use a Diplomacy Die of 1d6 <br /> * Ignore effects of your cards in with LeftHand and RightHand slots until next end step: +2 Cha until next end step
-- | Sleight of Hand | Feature | 0 | C-Bard-1 | | **Encounter**: Make a Simple Parley.  If WP damage was 3 or more, you and your opponent both discard a card from your hands.
--| Trick Coin | Equipment (Loot) | 0 (for real) |C-Bard-1 |---|* +1 Cha <br /> * Shuffle this back to your deck: +2 XP
--| Big Ole Ruby |Equipment (Loot) |---|C-Bard-1 |BeltPouch|---| * **Encounter**: +2XP <br /> * Discard This: Take a card from opponent's Discard and put it on top of their deck. 
--| Riposte | Feature |---| C-Bard-2 |---|You take WP Damage this turn: Your opponent takes WP damage equal to your Cha.
--| Valet | Minion |---|C-Bard-2 |---| * A card is attached to this: Ignore any Slot symbols and Effects of that card; <br /> * Once on your turn; Attach a card of yours in play to this: Detach any other cards attached to this card as below. <br /> * Detach a card attached to this: If that card could not legally be in play, discard it. 
--| Tune of Seduction | Consumable (Spell) |---|C-Bard-2 |---| **Encounter**; Discard this: Take an amount of XP from your opponent up to your Cha - their Cha
--| Flourish | Feature | 0 |C-Bard-3 | Body | 2XP; Attach a card to this: Whenever the card refers to your Simple Attack or "Violence Die", treat it as referrring to your "Simple Parley" or "Diplomacy Die" respectively.
--| Refined Spirits | Consumable (Potion) | 0 | C-Bard-3 | LeftHand RightHand | xXP: + x WP; + 1HP
--|Chorus of Power| Spell |---|C-Bard-4 |LeftHand | Play a card: +1 XP
Sorcerer Cards | Gather Magic | Feature | 0 | C-Sorcerer-1 | -- | **Encounter**: +10 WP
--| Gale | Consumable (Spell) | 0 | C-Sorcerer-1 | -- | **Encounter**; Discard This: Make a Simple Attack.  If you rolled a 1 or 2, your opponent skips their next Encounter Step
--| Heat Manipulation | Consumable (Spell) | 0 |C-Sorcerer-1 | -- | * **Encounter**; Discard This: Choose one of your Opponents Equipment and return it to their hand, then do a Simple Attack. <br /> * **Encounter**; Discard This:  
--| Life Drain | Consumable (Spell) | 0 |C-Sorcerer-1 | -- | **Encounter**; Discard This: Make a Simple Parley. Increase your WP by the amount of WP damage
--|---|--- |---|C-Sorcerer-2 |---|---
--|---|--- |---|C-Sorcerer-2 |---|---
--|---|--- |---|C-Sorcerer-2 |---|---
--|Spell Book | Equipment (Book) | 0 | C-Sorcerer-3 | LeftHand RightHand | Your Spell is discarded; 1XP: Instead of going to the discard pile, return the consumable to your hand.
--|---|--- |---|C-Sorcerer-3 |---|---
--|---|--- |---|C-Sorcerer-4 |---|---
Dwarf Cards|Dwarf Gauntlet | Equipment (Armour) | 0 | R-Dwarf | Arms | * + 1 Def <br /> * You may play C-Knight Weapon cards.
--|Smith's Almanac| Equipment (Book) | 0 | R-Dwarf |---| 3 XP: Prevent the effects of one Armour or Weapon card until the end of this turn.
--| Trash/Treasure | Feature |---|R-Dwarf |---| Your card is discarded from play as part of an effect's conditions: +XP equal to the XP cost of that card.
--| Big Ole Emerald |Equipment (Loot) |---| R-Dwarf | BeltPouch | * **Encounter**: +2XP <br /> * **Encounter**: Take a card from your Discard and put it on top of your Deck.
--|---|--- |---|R-Dwarf |---|---
Ork Cards|Out Clubbin' | Feature | 0 | R-Ork | -- | You have two Clubs in play: Your violence die is 2d4; + 1 Atk
--| Vile Vial | Equipment (Potion) | 0 |R-Ork | BeltPouch | * Attach the top card of your deck to this, facedown:  +1 Cha; +2 HP <br /> * When this is discarded, discard all attached cards.
--| Stench | ---| --- |R-Ork |Body| * -1 HP, +1 Def <br /> * **Encounter**: Make a Simple Attack; Opponent gets -1 HP and -1d4 WP <br /> * **Encounter**: Make a Simple Parley; Opponents Cha is 0 until the end of their next turn.
--| Filth | --- | --- |R-Ork |---| * **Encounter**; Make a Simple Attack or Parley; -1HP; Target opponent's Equipment in play: They must either discard it, or discard a card from their hand. <br /> * TBC
--|---|--- |---|R-Ork |---|---
Undead Cards | Patchwork Monstrosity | Feature | 0 | R-Undead | Body | You may have two RightHand slots in play.  If this is discarded from play, discard all RightHand slots 
--| Echoes of Life | Feature | 0 |R-Undead |---| **Encounter**: The next card you play may be from any C-type-1
--| Necromancy | Consumable (Spell) |---| R-Undead | Head | Discard This: Search your discard pile for any card and shuffle it back into the deck.
--| Skeletal Minion | Minion | 0 | R-Undead | Head | **Encounter**; Discard a card from your hand: Make any other Encounter you have, then 1 Simple Attack.
--| Out of Phase | Feature |---|R-Undead |Body| Shuffle this into your deck: Your opponent gets -1WP and skips their next Encounter.
Beast Cards |Tail | Feature |---|R-Beast |---|+5 HP
--|Spiked Tail|--- |---|R-Beast |Tail| You have Tail in play : +1 Def; You may use a violence die of 2d8
--|Ferocious Roar | Feature | 0 |R-Beast |---| Your may choose a 1d8 Diplomacy Die
--|Hulking Physique| Feature |---|R-Beast |---| You may have 1 additional RightHand and LeftHand non-Weapon card in play.
--|Horns| Feature (Weapon) |---|R-Beast | Head | * You have Tail in play: * + 1 Def <br />  * **Encounter**; Make a Simple Attack: Add your Cha to the damage.
Misc Cards | Initiate's Notes | Equipment (Book) | 0 | | LeftHand RightHand | You may play C-Sorcerer-1 cards. | 
-- |Prudence | Consumable | 0 | | | Discard This; Discard a card from your hand: Add XP equal to the card's XP cost.
-- |Frantic Search | Feature | 0 | -- | -- | * Shuffle 3 cards from your Discard in to your Deck: Discard the top three cards from your deck <br /> * Discard This: Shuffle 3 cards from your Discard in to your Deck
-- |Club | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | | LeftHand RightHand | * You may use a Violence Die of 1d4
-- |Dagger | Equipment (Weapon)| 0 | | LeftHand RightHand | * You may use a Violence Die of 1d4. <br /> * **Encounter**; Discard This: Perform any of your Encounters, but ignore opponent's Def this turn.
-- |Crossbow | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | -- | RightHand | * 1XP: You may use a Violence Die of 1d6 until next end step.
-- |Helm | Equipment (Armous) |---| | Head | +1 Def
-- |Buckler | Equipment (Armour) | 0 | | LeftHand RightHand | * +2 Def
-- |Gauntlet | Equipment (Armour) | 0 | | Arms | * + 1 Def
-- |Jerkin | Equipment (Armour) | 0|| Body | * + 1 Def <br /> * +1 WP
-- |Sword Breaker | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | | LeftArm RightArm | Your opponent rolls their Violence Die; Roll your violence die 2XP: If you rolled higher, discard one of your opponent's Weapons.
-- |Old Wise Mentor | Consumable | 0 | --| -- | Discard This: Search your deck for any Class and put it in to your hand; Shuffle the deck.
-- | Potion | Consumable (Potion) | 0 | -- | BeltPouch | Discard This: +10 HP
-- | Dutch Courage | Consumable (Potion) | 0 | -- | | 4XP: +5 WP
-- | Loot | Feature | 0 | -- | -- | Do 5 or more HP or WP damage in a turn: +3XP 
-- | Ancient Secrets | 0 | -- | -- | -- | **Encounter**: Search your discard pile for any Spell and put it in to your hand.
-- | Begging For Scraps | Consumable (Event) | 0 | -- | -- | * -2 Cha <br /> * 1 HP: Search your discard pile for any Potion and put it into your hand.
-- | Dodge | Consumable (Event) | 0 | -- | -- | Discard This: Take no HP damage this turn.
-- | Whisperer | Minion |0 | -- | -- | * +2 Cha <br /> * **Encounter**; Make a Simple Parley: Add 1d4 to the damage.
-- | Gold Coin | Equipment (Loot) | 0 (actually 0) | || * +1 Cha <br /> * Discard this: +1 XP
-- | Big Ole Diamond | Equipment (Loot) | -- | -- | -- | **Encounter**: +2XP
-- | Belt Pouch | Equipment | -- | -- | -- | * Ignore your BeltPouch slot symbols in play <br /> * Discard a card of yours from play: Search your deck for a *Loot* and add it to your hand <br /> * Discard this OR Discard a BeltPouch-slot card of yours in play: Search your deck for a card with a BeltPouch slot.

Commit message:

Added generic diplomacy die upgrade

AdventurerFactory/Cards.md, after:

| Notes | Name | Type | Cost | Requirements | Slots | Text |
|---|--- |---|--- |---|---|---|
4 Classes |Knight | Class | 0 | | C1 C2 C3 | * : You may play C-Knight cards. <br /> * : Increase your Knight Level by 1. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded
-- |Assassin | Class | 0 || C1 C2 C3 | * : You may play C-Assassin cards. <br /> * : Increase your Assassin Level by 1. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded
-- |Sorcerer | Class | 0 || C1 C2 C3 | * : You may play C-Sorcerer cards. <br /> * : Increase your Sorcerer Level by 1. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded
-- |Bard | Class | 0 || C1 C2 C3 | * : You may play C-Bard cards. <br /> * : Increase your Bard Level by 1. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded <br /> * +2 Cha
4 Races |Dwarf | Race | 0 | |R1 | * : You may play R-Dwarf Cards. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded <br /> * +1 Def
-- |Ork | Race | 0 | |R1 | * : You may play R-Ork Cards. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded <br /> * +1 Atk
-- |Undead | Race | 0 | |R1  | * : You may play R-Undead Cards. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded <br /> * +5 HP
-- |Beast | Race | 0 || R1 | * : You may play R-Beast Cards. <br /> * This cannot be Discarded <br /> * +8 WP
Knight Cards (10) |Sword | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | C-Knight-1 | LeftHand RightHand | * You may use a Violence Die of 1d8
-- |Pike | Equipment (Weapon ) | 0 | C-Knight-1 | LeftHand RightHand | * You may use a Violence Die of 2d8
-- |Dual Wielding | Feature | 0 | C-Knight-1 | -- | **Encounter**; You have two Weapons in play; 1XP: Perform two Simple Attacks
-- |---|--- |---|C-Knight-2 |---|---|---|
--|---|--- |---|C-Knight-2|---|---|---|
--| Quick Thrust | Feature |---| C-Knight-2 |---|Once per turn; You have a Knight Weapon in play: Make a simple attack but with a Violence die of 1d4.
--| Full Plate | Equipment (Armour) | 0 |C-Knight-3 | Body | * + 5 Def <br /> * + 10WP
--|---|--- |---|C-Knight-3 |---|---|---|
-- |Glowing Sword | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | C-Knight-4 | LeftHand RightHand | * You may use a Violence Die of 1d12
Assassin Cards (10) | Poison Dagger | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | C-Assassin-1 | LeftHand RightHand | **Encounter**: Make a simple attack.  If you  Roll a 1 or 2 on a Simple Attack, Add 1d4 to the damage.
-- |Hide | Feature | 0 |  C-Assassin-1 | Body | * **Encounter**; Discard a card of yours in play: Your opponent skips their next Encounter step.  This counts as skipping your own Encounter step. <br /> * Discard This; 2WP: Your opponent skips their next Encounter step or ends their Encounter step before you take damage. |
--|---|--- |---|C-Assassin-1 |---|---
--|---|--- |---|C-Assassin-1 |---|---
-- | Assassinate | Feature | 0 | C-Assassin-2 | | **Encounter**; You skipped your last Encounter step: Perform up to 1 Simple Parley and 2 Simple Attacks.
--| Grovel! | Feature | 0 |C-Assassin-2 |---| +2 Char; You may use 1d8 as your Diplomacy Die
--| Reconnoiter | Feature | 0 |C-Assassin-2 |---| Skip your next encounter step: Look at 2 random cards in your opponents hand.
--|---|--- |---|C-Assassin-3 |---|---
--|---|--- |---|C-Assassin-3 |---|---
--|---|--- |---|C-Assassin-4 |---|---
Bard Cards | Lute | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | C-Bard-1 | Back | * <br /> * You may use a Diplomacy Die of 1d6 <br /> * Ignore effects of your cards in with LeftHand and RightHand slots until next end step: +2 Cha until next end step
-- | Sleight of Hand | Feature | 0 | C-Bard-1 | | **Encounter**: Make a Simple Parley.  If WP damage was 3 or more, you and your opponent both discard a card from your hands.
--| Trick Coin | Equipment (Loot) | 0 (for real) |C-Bard-1 |---|* +1 Cha <br /> * Shuffle this back to your deck: +2 XP
--| Big Ole Ruby |Equipment (Loot) |---|C-Bard-1 |BeltPouch|---| * **Encounter**: +2XP <br /> * Discard This: Take a card from opponent's Discard and put it on top of their deck. 
--| Riposte | Feature |---| C-Bard-2 |---|You take WP Damage this turn: Your opponent takes WP damage equal to your Cha.
--| Valet | Minion |---|C-Bard-2 |---| * A card is attached to this: Ignore any Slot symbols and Effects of that card; <br /> * Once on your turn; Attach a card of yours in play to this: Detach any other cards attached to this card as below. <br /> * Detach a card attached to this: If that card could not legally be in play, discard it. 
--| Tune of Seduction | Consumable (Spell) |---|C-Bard-2 |---| **Encounter**; Discard this: Take an amount of XP from your opponent up to your Cha - their Cha
--| Flourish | Feature | 0 |C-Bard-3 | Body | 2XP; Attach a card to this: Whenever the card refers to your Simple Attack or "Violence Die", treat it as referrring to your "Simple Parley" or "Diplomacy Die" respectively.
--| Refined Spirits | Consumable (Potion) | 0 | C-Bard-3 | LeftHand RightHand | xXP: + x WP; + 1HP
--|Chorus of Power| Spell |---|C-Bard-4 |LeftHand | Play a card: +1 XP
Sorcerer Cards | Gather Magic | Feature | 0 | C-Sorcerer-1 | -- | **Encounter**: +10 WP
--| Gale | Consumable (Spell) | 0 | C-Sorcerer-1 | -- | **Encounter**; Discard This: Make a Simple Attack.  If you rolled a 1 or 2, your opponent skips their next Encounter Step
--| Heat Manipulation | Consumable (Spell) | 0 |C-Sorcerer-1 | -- | * **Encounter**; Discard This: Choose one of your Opponents Equipment and return it to their hand, then do a Simple Attack. <br /> * **Encounter**; Discard This:  
--| Life Drain | Consumable (Spell) | 0 |C-Sorcerer-1 | -- | **Encounter**; Discard This: Make a Simple Parley. Increase your WP by the amount of WP damage
--|---|--- |---|C-Sorcerer-2 |---|---
--|---|--- |---|C-Sorcerer-2 |---|---
--|---|--- |---|C-Sorcerer-2 |---|---
--|Spell Book | Equipment (Book) | 0 | C-Sorcerer-3 | LeftHand RightHand | Your Spell is discarded; 1XP: Instead of going to the discard pile, return the consumable to your hand.
--|---|--- |---|C-Sorcerer-3 |---|---
--|---|--- |---|C-Sorcerer-4 |---|---
Dwarf Cards|Dwarf Gauntlet | Equipment (Armour) | 0 | R-Dwarf | Arms | * + 1 Def <br /> * You may play C-Knight Weapon cards.
--|Smith's Almanac| Equipment (Book) | 0 | R-Dwarf |---| 3 XP: Prevent the effects of one Armour or Weapon card until the end of this turn.
--| Trash/Treasure | Feature |---|R-Dwarf |---| Your card is discarded from play as part of an effect's conditions: +XP equal to the XP cost of that card.
--| Big Ole Emerald |Equipment (Loot) |---| R-Dwarf | BeltPouch | * **Encounter**: +2XP <br /> * **Encounter**: Take a card from your Discard and put it on top of your Deck.
--|---|--- |---|R-Dwarf |---|---
Ork Cards|Out Clubbin' | Feature | 0 | R-Ork | -- | You have two Clubs in play: Your violence die is 2d4; + 1 Atk
--| Vile Vial | Equipment (Potion) | 0 |R-Ork | BeltPouch | * Attach the top card of your deck to this, facedown:  +1 Cha; +2 HP <br /> * When this is discarded, discard all attached cards.
--| Stench | ---| --- |R-Ork |Body| * -1 HP, +1 Def <br /> * **Encounter**: Make a Simple Attack; Opponent gets -1 HP and -1d4 WP <br /> * **Encounter**: Make a Simple Parley; Opponents Cha is 0 until the end of their next turn.
--| Filth | --- | --- |R-Ork |---| * **Encounter**; Make a Simple Attack or Parley; -1HP; Target opponent's Equipment in play: They must either discard it, or discard a card from their hand. <br /> * TBC
--|---|--- |---|R-Ork |---|---
Undead Cards | Patchwork Monstrosity | Feature | 0 | R-Undead | Body | You may have two RightHand slots in play.  If this is discarded from play, discard all RightHand slots 
--| Echoes of Life | Feature | 0 |R-Undead |---| **Encounter**: The next card you play may be from any C-type-1
--| Necromancy | Consumable (Spell) |---| R-Undead | Head | Discard This: Search your discard pile for any card and shuffle it back into the deck.
--| Skeletal Minion | Minion | 0 | R-Undead | Head | **Encounter**; Discard a card from your hand: Make any other Encounter you have, then 1 Simple Attack.
--| Out of Phase | Feature |---|R-Undead |Body| Shuffle this into your deck: Your opponent gets -1WP and skips their next Encounter.
Beast Cards |Tail | Feature |---|R-Beast |---|+5 HP
--|Spiked Tail|--- |---|R-Beast |Tail| You have Tail in play : +1 Def; You may use a violence die of 2d8
--|Ferocious Roar | Feature | 0 |R-Beast |---| Your may choose a 1d8 Diplomacy Die
--|Hulking Physique| Feature |---|R-Beast |---| You may have 1 additional RightHand and LeftHand non-Weapon card in play.
--|Horns| Feature (Weapon) |---|R-Beast | Head | * You have Tail in play: * + 1 Def <br />  * **Encounter**; Make a Simple Attack: Add your Cha to the damage.
Misc Cards | Initiate's Notes | Equipment (Book) | 0 | | LeftHand RightHand | You may play C-Sorcerer-1 cards. | 
-- |Prudence | Consumable | 0 | | | Discard This; Discard a card from your hand: Add XP equal to the card's XP cost.
-- |Frantic Search | Feature | 0 | -- | -- | * Shuffle 3 cards from your Discard in to your Deck: Discard the top three cards from your deck <br /> * Discard This: Shuffle 3 cards from your Discard in to your Deck
-- |Club | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | | LeftHand RightHand | * You may use a Violence Die of 1d4
-- |Dagger | Equipment (Weapon)| 0 | | LeftHand RightHand | * You may use a Violence Die of 1d4. <br /> * **Encounter**; Discard This: Perform any of your Encounters, but ignore opponent's Def this turn.
-- |Crossbow | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | -- | RightHand | * 1XP: You may use a Violence Die of 1d6 until next end step.
-- |Helm | Equipment (Armous) |---| | Head | +1 Def
-- |Buckler | Equipment (Armour) | 0 | | LeftHand RightHand | * +2 Def
-- |Gauntlet | Equipment (Armour) | 0 | | Arms | * + 1 Def
-- |Jerkin | Equipment (Armour) | 0|| Body | * + 1 Def <br /> * +1 WP
-- |Sword Breaker | Equipment (Weapon) | 0 | | LeftArm RightArm | Your opponent rolls their Violence Die; Roll your violence die 2XP: If you rolled higher, discard one of your opponent's Weapons.
-- |Old Wise Mentor | Consumable | 0 | --| -- | Discard This: Search your deck for any Class and put it in to your hand; Shuffle the deck.
-- | Potion | Consumable (Potion) | 0 | -- | BeltPouch | Discard This: +10 HP
-- | Dutch Courage | Consumable (Potion) | 0 | -- | | 4XP: +5 WP
-- | Loot | Feature | 0 | -- | -- | Do 5 or more HP or WP damage in a turn: +3XP 
-- | Ancient Secrets | 0 | -- | -- | -- | **Encounter**: Search your discard pile for any Spell and put it in to your hand.
-- | Begging For Scraps | Consumable (Event) | 0 | -- | -- | * -2 Cha <br /> * 1 HP: Search your discard pile for any Potion and put it into your hand.
-- | Dodge | Consumable (Event) | 0 | -- | -- | Discard This: Take no HP damage this turn.
-- | Whisperer | Minion |0 | -- | -- | * +2 Cha <br /> * **Encounter**; Make a Simple Parley: Add 1d4 to the damage.
-- | Gold Coin | Equipment (Loot) | 0 (actually 0) | || * +1 Cha <br /> * Discard this: +1 XP
-- | Big Ole Diamond | Equipment (Loot) | -- | -- | -- | **Encounter**: +2XP
-- | Fine Clothes | Equipment (Armour) | -- | -- | Body | You may use a Diplomacy Die of 1d4
-- | Belt Pouch | Equipment | -- | -- | -- | * Ignore your BeltPouch slot symbols in play <br /> * Discard a card of yours from play: Search your deck for a *Loot* and add it to your hand <br /> * Discard this OR Discard a BeltPouch-slot card of yours in play: Search your deck for a card with a BeltPouch slot.
